Xiao Chen, if you can't stand it
You can leave now.
Where are you?
Where am I?
Hey Daqiang
I heard that not long ago
The boss who spent tens of billions to buy Wancheng
Come to celebrate
Yeah dad
I also heard about it.
And ah!
The boss is said to be a young man
I guess it is the salary paid in China.
It's just a wave of the hand.
It is an international business center
This arm is not an ordinary haircut.
Hey hero
You send people to fight the world
See if you can get along with this superhero boss
Get the occupancy capital of Wancheng
Not dad
Our Su Group is already unknown
Who can get along with him?
A small city
Let these people get excited
The Su family is really just an ant
What? You've been in the company for a long time.
I heard uh
You want to be the head of the company
Grandpa, are you going to give me a promotion?
What? You're not bad
But not with much seniority.
If you were a company executive now
I'm afraid someone is not convinced?
So be it.
If you can get Wan Cheng's occupancy qualification
You also promote you immediately
All Su families are the same.
If anyone can get the Wancheng occupancy qualification
Promotion and salary increase
I am all satisfied
old man
Since everyone is the same
Then let's take a bowl and ask for a try, okay?